@Me Privacy Policy

This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.


What personal information do we collect from the people that use the @Me app?

When registering on our application, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you with your experience.


When do we collect information?

We collect information from you when you register on our site. Users always have the option of changing this information at any time in the settings menu.


How do we use your information?

We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:

- To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.


How do we protect your information?

- We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
- We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers.
- We do not use Malware Scanning.


Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.

We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.

All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.


Do we use 'cookies'?

We do not use cookies for tracking purposes


Third-party disclosure

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.


Third-party links

We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.

      
Google

Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en . We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.


COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)

When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.

- Persons under the age of 13 are restricted from registering for an @Me account or using our service in any way
- We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.


Fair Information Practices

The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.

In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:

- We will notify you via email, Within 7 business days

We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
